High Blue
Let go of what you are
You even ghost me Hu Three Kingdoms Challenge Book
You are insulting me, the samurai of Hu Dynasty
Daogui is always good
You dare to kneel
Otherwise, the head is not guaranteed
Chen Nan is not quick to take down this crazy villager
Otherwise, how can I explain to the world?
Does the Chen family want to be a big war criminal?
Lord, if you don't stop it
It's going to get out of hand.
A villager like Ye Linhan doesn't know how to help with the rules
It's time to mature
As for this Sato title
Let him kneel
Lao Hou Yanda Xiazhi's national prestige is indeed inviolable
I'm afraid the Chen family can't afford this responsibility for leading the war.
Is General Xia right?
This is starting a war.
Master Hou, you have to make them stop quickly
This village woman is a lunatic
He actually stabbed the clothing messenger
Are we in the abyss of Chenjia Road now?
shut up
Lead to war
The might of the great summer is as high as the sky and as deep as the sea
Daring provocateur
severe punishment
If anyone dares to say one more word
Is to be an enemy of my Chen family
Chen Bufan did it himself